wonder if this will make it further than the todo... ;)

backend in node.js me thinks. or an easy but not yet too portable c#

mongodb. maybe redis if needed for something. could each board be a separate db or collection?

client to github / gitlab

task is a github issue

does offer DoD checklists. Checklists perhaps saved in the task description somehow?
Github does have checklists, but would have to use some sort of tagging for this. html tag should be invisible, but gh may sanitise xml input...

does offer time estimates for a task and also risk specification so can see optimistic and pesimistic estimates. all done in man hrs
a board shold also have a 'generic' risk value, so can automatically assume there is a margin for estimates.

can calculate estimated delivery times - not necesarily for a task. maybe for a bucket of a board.
say a bucket is a milestone - so should be able to show total time for a bucket as well as delivery dates.

the same way could calculate estimated delivery dates for the whole board.

finished tasks should not be taken into account, but tasks in progress, intesting should. DoD should also be used to estimate the percentage completed of a task

can store some xtra info such as time actually worked on a task. so can later generate stats and compare estimates with the actual time consumed.
Should be possible to collect times from different users, so devs, testers, etc can log the time.
maybe the time logged should also include type of work - dev, testing, etc.

should be designed for agile approach and handle backlog and sprints well. something like easy redmine could be an idea to look at
some wizard to select tasks in backlog and put them to a sprint.
creating a sprint == creating a milestone

bucket assignment uses labels of course

make it possible to reference issues (#123) and users (@user) in comments. pretty much as in github

make it possible to add many projects to one board. so a project encompasses for example server, client and api, etc. projects

make it possible to customise columns (buckets) per project (would have to be done for each linked project)

make it possible to assign project specific tags when editing an issue - so p1 sees only own tags, p2 its own tags and so on

for ideas see redmine, trello, easyredmine.